  
Title :
 FAPI-SIG(Special Interest Group) Community 15th Meeting

Date :
 Wed 17 Mar 2021

Time :
 09:00 - 10:00 UTC in 1 hour

Venue :
 Zoom (presented by Adorsys)

Host :
 Francis Pouatcha (Adorsys)

PM :
 Vinod Anandan (Independent) (absent)

Presenter :
 Takashi Norimatsu (Hitachi)

Participants :
 Andrii Murashkin (Adorsys)
 Guy Moyo (Adorsys)
 Hryhorii Hevorkian (Adorsys)
 Kannan Rasappan (Banfico)
 Marek Posolda (Red Hat)
 Pritish Joshi (Banfico)

Presentation Materials :
 [1] FAPI-SIG Community 15th Meeting Agenda
     https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-oauth-sig/blob/master/FAPI-SIG/meetings/15th/presentations/FAPI-SIG_15th_MTG_agenda.pdf

Recording :
 https://zoom.us/rec/share/Bn3wY9Gso3i5JpCoL3YZnaV2rmnCdnNjSTWsdAUNbFQwtNoGDsXFfHN21dlBYfYv.pDOi2jUjMZZyU0Sp

Summary :
 * Updates : FAPI-RW project (Follow-up)
   [Topics]
    - The final version of FAPI 1.0 has been released so that we need to follow this final version.
    - However, need to wait for the PR for New Admin REST API Implementation for Client Policies being merged (KEYCLOAK-16805).
      The keycloak development team could start reviewing this PR.

 * Updates : FAPI-CIBA(poll mode) project
   [Objective]
    In Q2 2021, we can use FAPI-CIBA(poll mode) security profile support by keycloak and RH-SSO 7.5
   [Milestone]
    M/S#3 Pure CIBA Pull-Requests Merged​
      by 31 Mar 2021, 2 weeks remaining
      0 of 1 issue resolved (0%)
   [Topics]
    - Due to merging the PR for RFC 8628 Device Grant that the keycloak development team prioritized, the keycloak development team could accelerate the review.
    - Device Grant and CIBA have some similarities so that this PR needs to follow the style of the merged Device Grant codes.

 * Updates : Client Policy Official Support project
   [Milestone]
    M/S#1 Client Policy Available on Existing Admin Console
      by 31 Mar 2021, 4 weeks remaining
      1 of 3 issues resolved (33%)
   [Topics]
   - The keycloak development team could accelerate the review.
   - The Client Policies' representation in JSON and User Profile's one have some similarities so that this PR needs to incorporate this point.

 * Other Discussion Topics
   - Proposing Working Items in FY 2021
     New working items have been proposed.​
     [Security Features]​
     - OIDC Client’s Public Key Management​
     - OAuth 2.0 Demonstration of Proof-of-Possession (DPoP)​
     - FAPI 2.0 (baseline/advanced)​
       - Pushed Authorization Request (PAR)​
       - Rich Authorization Request (RAR)​
       - Grant Management API
     [Market Specific Features]​
     <PSD2>​
       - Following eIDAS regulations​
         - QWAC verification​
       - Consent Management​
     <UK OpenBanking>​
       - Onboarding​
         - Software Statement Support​
         - Software Statement Assertion (SSA) Verification

 * Next Web Meeting
   Wed 31 Mar 2021 8:00 - 9:00 UTC in 1 hour
 