  
Title :
 OAuth SIG(Special Interest Group) Community 6th Meeting
 (51st Ex FAPI-SIG)

Date :
 Wed 6 December 2023

Time :
  12:00 - 13:00 UTC in 1 hour
   8:00 -  9:00 EDT  (UTC-4)
  12:00 - 13:00 GMT  (UTC+0)
  13:00 - 14:00 CET  (UTC+1)
  14:00 - 15:00 EET  (UTC+2)
  17:30 - 18:30 IST  (UTC+5:30)
  21:00 - 22:00 JST  (UTC+9)
  22:00 - 23:00 AEST (UTC+10)

Venue :
 Zoom (presented by Adorsys)

Host :
 Francis Pouatcha (Adorsys)

Presenter :
 Dmitry Telegin (Backbase)
 Takashi Norimatsu (Hitachi)

Participants :
 Costas Georgilakis (GRNET)
 Maaten van Hulsentop
 Marek Posolda (Red Hat)
 Maurice Quaedackers (Planon)
 Paul Templeman
 Phil Potisk (walt.id)
 Pritish Joshi (Banfico)
 Sebastian Schuster (Bosch)
 Stefan Wiedemann (FIWARE)
 Thomas Darimont (codecentric)
 Vinod Anandan (Citi)

Presentation Materials :
 [1] OAuth SIG Community 6th Meeting Agenda
     https://github.com/keycloak/kc-sig-fapi/blob/master/OAuth-SIG/meetings/6th/presentations/OAuth-SIG_6th_MTG_agenda.pdf

Recording :
 https://us06web.zoom.us/rec/share/fKEHIPyUFvD7hggf7zRzEiNrGLkND_X6R2q1gHnUpvFLYHP4JGLhTGaQUzQcFWth.-nyb6FcqL-dZORC1

Summary :

 * Token Exchange
   To move its status of technology preview to official supported, we arrange its breakout session with Pedro, the keycloak maintainer.
   Spec: https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8693
   - What Keycloak already supported, and not supported.
   - What we need to cover them to move its status of technology preview to official supported.

 * OID4VCs
   The 2nd breakout session minute is available in https://github.com/keycloak/kc-sig-fapi/blob/main/OAuth-SIG/Breakouts/OID4VCs/2nd/2nd_breakout_session_minute.txt
   The 3rd breakout sessoin will be held on Wed 13 Dec.

 * CORS SPI
   Issue: https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/12682
   Proposal for using SPI provider for customizing CORS headers.
   Need to reduce or even avoid a breaking change for the "Legacy" Cors API.

 * Community event annoucement: Keycloak DevDay 2024
   Feb 22 2024, Frankfurt, Germany
   https://www.keycloak-day.dev/
   A ticket is availabe.

 * Community event proposal: Keyconf 24
   We held Keyconf 23 on Jun, London, UK. How about the same meeting in the next year?
   We will discuss it in the next meeting. Day, Venue, Sponsor, Program, and so on.

 * Next Web Meeting
   Wed 3 January 2024 12:00 - 13:00 UTC in 1 hour
