Title :
 OAuth SIG(Special Interest Group) Community 16th Meeting
 (61st Ex FAPI-SIG)

Date :
 Wed 2 October 2024

Time :
  12:00 - 13:00 UTC in 1 hour
   8:00 -  9:00 EDT  (UTC-4)
  12:00 - 13:00 GMT  (UTC+0)
  13:00 - 14:00 CET  (UTC+1)
  13:00 - 14:00 WAT  (UTC+1)
  14:00 - 15:00 EET  (UTC+2)
  17:30 - 18:30 IST  (UTC+5:30)
  21:00 - 22:00 JST  (UTC+9)
  22:00 - 23:00 AEST (UTC+10)

Venue :
 Zoom (presented by Adorsys)

Host :
 Francis Pouatcha (Adorsys)

PM :
 Vinod Anandan (JPMorgan Chase & Co.)

Tech Lead :
 Takashi Norimatsu (Hitachi)

Participants :
 Costas Georgilakis (GRNET)
 Dmitry Telegin (Backbase)
 Gilbert Fernandes (Groupements des Mousquetaires)
 Kannan Rasappan (Banfico)
 Marek Posolda (Red Hat)

Presentation Materials :
 [1] Proposal: Trust Parties, Cross-Domain Trust (Dmitry)
 [2] OAuth SIG Community 16th Meeting Agenda
     https://github.com/keycloak/kc-sig-fapi/blob/master/OAuth-SIG/meetings/16th/presentations/OAuth-SIG_16th_MTG_agenda.pdf

Recording :
 TBD

Summary :

 * Keycloak's new versioning policy
   Major version up may include breaking-change while Minor and micro version up does not allow breaking-change.
   Major version release cycle will be about 2 years.
   Preview and experimental feature is allowed to have breaking-change in minor version up (e.g., Passkey, OID4VCI).
   As for not finalized standards/specifications support, we need to add new features for finalized version of standards/specification (e.g., OAuth 2.1, FAPI 2.0).
 
 * OID4VCI
   Epic issue is resolved: https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/25936
   Next epic issues:
    [OID4VCI] Approaching Credential Scope based API design : https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/32961
    Pre-authorized-code flow of OID4VCI Implementation Shift to Scope-Based Approach : https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/32772 
   We keep OID4VCI an experimental feature because we expect a lot of changes against it (considering Keycloak's new version policy).
   When refining OID4VCI, not modifying keycloak's body codes and use some extension (OAuth Grant Type SPI, IdP extension as Dmitry proposed) is preferable.

 * Community event proposal: KeyConf 25
   It might be good to hold KeyConf 25 on a day/days just before or after OSS Summit Europe 2025 (25-27 Aug 2025, Amsterdam Netherlands) on the same location (namely, Amsterdam).
   We continue discussing the following points:
    How may days: 1 day or 2 days?
    Conference format:
     - Including unconference session?
     - Having multiple sessions in parallel?
    Scope:
     - Enlarging its scope? (e.g., not only topic about Keycloak, but standards, specifications, market trends)
    Registration:
     - Requiring a registration fee?
     - When opening a registration page, it is good if we add a draft version of a conference program to the page in order for potential attendees to decide whether they attend KeyConf 25.

 * Next Web Meeting
   Wed 6 November 2024 12:00 - 13:00 UTC in 1 hour


