  
Title :
 FAPI-SIG(Special Interest Group) Community 30th Meeting

Date :
 Wed 24 Nov 2021

Time :
  12:00 - 13:00 UTC in 1 hour
   8:00 -  9:00 EDT  (UTC-4)
  12:00 - 13:00 GMT  (UTC+0)
  13:00 - 14:00 CET  (UTC+1)
  14:00 - 15:00 EET  (UTC+2)
  17:30 - 18:30 IST  (UTC+5:30)
  21:00 - 22:00 JST  (UTC+9)
  22:00 - 23:00 AEST (UTC+10)

Venue :
 Zoom (presented by Adorsys)

Host :
 Francis Pouatcha (Adorsys)

PM :
 Vinod Anandan (Citi)

Presenter :
 Takashi Norimatsu (Hitachi)

Participants :
 Christophe Lannoy
 Dmitry Telegin (Backbase)
 Gilbert Fernandes
 Guy Moyo (Adorsys)
 Jonathan Meyler (Backbase)
 Kannan Rasappan (Banfico)
 Matthew Conners
 Marek Posolda (Red Hat)
 Matthew Conners

Presentation Materials :
 [1] FAPI-SIG Community 30th Meeting Agenda
     https://github.com/keycloak/kc-sig-fapi/blob/master/FAPI-SIG/meetings/30th/presentations/FAPI-SIG_30th_MTG_agenda.pdf

Recording :
 TBD

Summary :
 
 * New Meeting Schedule
   We hold FAPI-SIG regular meeting monthly instead of every 2 weeks.
   Vinod will re-send updated FAPI-SIG meeting invitations.

 * FAPI Certificate
   There might be an option that RH tries to receive certificates for RH-SSO instead of keycloak and some non-commercial OSS community tries to receive certificate for keycloak.

 * RAR/Grant Management API
   The blocker of RAR/Grant Management API, namely Dynamic Scope has been handled by RH developers but they are busy for other tasks so that the work of Dynamic Scope was stopped. It might be resumed soon.

 * DPoP
   The draft PR has been submitted. The issue of it is whether this PR includes Client Policies part instead of newly introducing DPoP related client settings.
   Takashi can help with Client Policies part for DPoP.

 * Next Web Meeting
   Wed 8 Dec 2021 12:00 - 13:00 UTC in 1 hour
