Title :
 OAuth SIG(Special Interest Group) Community 17th Meeting
 (61st Ex FAPI-SIG)

Date :
 Wed 6 November 2024

Time :
  12:00 - 13:00 UTC in 1 hour
   8:00 -  9:00 EDT  (UTC-4)
  12:00 - 13:00 GMT  (UTC+0)
  13:00 - 14:00 CET  (UTC+1)
  13:00 - 14:00 WAT  (UTC+1)
  14:00 - 15:00 EET  (UTC+2)
  17:30 - 18:30 IST  (UTC+5:30)
  21:00 - 22:00 JST  (UTC+9)
  22:00 - 23:00 AEST (UTC+10)

Venue :
 Zoom (presented by Adorsys)

Host :
 Francis Pouatcha (Adorsys)

PM :
 Vinod Anandan (JPMorgan Chase & Co.)

Tech Lead :
 Takashi Norimatsu (Hitachi)

Participants :
 Costas Georgilakis (GRNET)
 Dmitry Telegin (Backbase)
 Ingrid Kamga (Adorsys)
 Marek Posolda (Red Hat)
 Martin Besozzi
 mos
 Stefan Wiedemann
 Thomas Darimont (Identity Tailor)
 Welton Rodrigo Torres Nasciment0

Presentation Materials :
 [1] OAuth SIG Community 17th Meeting Agenda
     https://github.com/keycloak/kc-sig-fapi/blob/main/OAuth-SIG/meetings/17th/presentations/OAuth-SIG_17th_MTG_agenda.pdf

Recording :
 https://us06web.zoom.us/rec/share/xAlGiy_zoHFsmVh-wMq9HHTQWOSgryp4bs2ZnO_HK9ci-Yv7BXLkoC5PFHGmbxmq._RhyObTn2AQT34SC

Summary :

 * Token Exchange
   Updated: Improve Support for Token-Exchange (https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/31546)
   Keycloak 26.2.x might include its official support, but not sure.

 * SSF
   PoC work is in progress.

 * OpenID Federation
   Experimental work is in progress.
   - Prepared an intermediate authority and trust anchor.
   - Confirmed that a client can be registered to Keycloak explicitly by its trust chain.
   - Confirmed that removing clients that are not used by a batch does not work.

 * OAuth 2.0 for First-Party Applications (FiPA)
   https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_KQC9AjyTY4xSgSp2G9Lz7Fz85Ygyjw9/view

 * Meeting Tool
   Try to use HackMD from the next monthly meeting.
   https://hackmd.io/@keycloak-oauth-sig

 * Next Web Meeting
   Wed 4 November 2024 12:00 - 13:00 UTC in 1 hour

