Title :
 OAuth SIG(Special Interest Group) Community 8th Meeting
 (53rd Ex FAPI-SIG)

Date :
 Wed 7 February 2024

Time :
  12:00 - 13:00 UTC in 1 hour
   8:00 -  9:00 EDT  (UTC-4)
  12:00 - 13:00 GMT  (UTC+0)
  13:00 - 14:00 CET  (UTC+1)
  13:00 - 14:00 WAT  (UTC+1)
  14:00 - 15:00 EET  (UTC+2)
  17:30 - 18:30 IST  (UTC+5:30)
  21:00 - 22:00 JST  (UTC+9)
  22:00 - 23:00 AEST (UTC+10)

Venue :
 Zoom (presented by Adorsys)

Host :
 Francis Pouatcha (Adorsys)

PM :
 Vinod Anandan (JPMorgan Chase & Co.)

Presenter :
 Takashi Norimatsu (Hitachi)

Participants :
 Arnaud Bourhis (ANS)
 Costas Georgilakis (GRNET)
 Dmitry Telegin (Backbase)
 Dylane Bengono (Adorsys)
 Gilbert Fernandes (Groupements des Mousquetaires)
 Ingrid Kamga
 Jorge Sanchez (Banfico)
 Kannan Rasappan (Banfico)
 Marco
 Sebastian Schuster (Bosch)
 Stefan Wiedemann (FIWARE)
 Tchakoumi Lorrain Kouatchoua
 Thomas Darimont (codecentric)
 Tom Kersting

Presentation Materials :
 [1] OAuth SIG Community 8th Meeting Agenda
     https://github.com/keycloak/kc-sig-fapi/blob/master/OAuth-SIG/meetings/8th/presentations/OAuth-SIG_8th_MTG_agenda.pdf

Recording :
 https://us06web.zoom.us/rec/share/BtMG9VT0bJotX5udsp-YrfS7cySo7t5A-1QqkYRoI9asP8VBO3lbi7irZrBs4DhC.IfZ9xZv678PgyPuF

Summary :

 * Lightweight Token
   It is not clear when Lightweight token is beneficial. It is better to describe its use case.

 * OID4VCI
   Epic issue: https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/25936
   2 issues of 8 issues in total were resolved. The PR was submitted to support SD-JWT.
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/pull/25829
   This SD-JWT support is core and major feature, so we need a lot of review for its PR.
   It is helpful for a lot of people review the PR.
 
   The PR for Pre-Authz Code Flow VC Issuance[1] under the assumption that OAuth 2.0 Grant Type SPI[2] be merged onto Keycloak upstream have been prepared.

   [1] Support Credentials Issuance through the OID4VCI Protocol
     Issue: https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/25940

   [2] OAuth 2.0 Grant Type SPI
     Issue: https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/26250
     PR: https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/pull/26251

    After the PR for [1] is merged, then start working on the PR for [3] Authz Code Flow VC Issuance.
   [3] Support Authorization Code Flow for VC Issuance
     Issue: https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/26328

 * OID4IDA
   One use case is for e-Know Your Customer (eKYC).
   One of other use cases is the Global Assured Identity Network (GAIN) PoC. The requirements of some level of this PoC requires OID4VCI.

 * Meeting minute
   One option is that the meeting minute follows other CNCF project's meeting minute style.

 * Community event proposal: Keyconf 24
   We will hold the conference in Germany. Frankfurt is the first option. Berlin can be also a candidate of the venue of this conference.
   Some members of this SIG can pay sponsorship fee that is enough for us to set up the conference.
   The event could take Hybrid style, but we have not determined on-site event or hybrid-event.
   We have not yet determined the date of the conference.

 * Next Web Meeting
   Wed 6 March 2024 12:00 - 13:00 UTC in 1 hour


