Title :
 OAuth SIG(Special Interest Group) Community 14th Meeting
 (59th Ex FAPI-SIG)

Date :
 Wed 7 August 2024

Time :
  12:00 - 13:00 UTC in 1 hour
   8:00 -  9:00 EDT  (UTC-4)
  12:00 - 13:00 GMT  (UTC+0)
  13:00 - 14:00 CET  (UTC+1)
  13:00 - 14:00 WAT  (UTC+1)
  14:00 - 15:00 EET  (UTC+2)
  17:30 - 18:30 IST  (UTC+5:30)
  21:00 - 22:00 JST  (UTC+9)
  22:00 - 23:00 AEST (UTC+10)

Venue :
 Zoom (presented by Adorsys)

Host :
 Francis Pouatcha (Adorsys)

PM :
 Vinod Anandan (JPMorgan Chase & Co.)

Tech Lead :
 Takashi Norimatsu (Hitachi)

Participants :
 Dmitry Telegin (Backbase)
 Kannan Rasappan (Banfico)
 Marek Posolda (Red Hat)
 Pascal Kn√ºppel (Governikus KG)
 Stefan Wiedemann (FIWARE)
 Thomas Darimont (Identity Tailor GmbH)
 Tom Kersting

Presentation Materials :
 [1] OAuth SIG Community 14th Meeting Agenda
     https://github.com/keycloak/kc-sig-fapi/blob/master/OAuth-SIG/meetings/14th/presentations/OAuth-SIG_14th_MTG_agenda.pdf

Recording :
 https://us06web.zoom.us/rec/share/ZZoPMh_O_A4dKhhU0Q-JwP2H3tOKEdTZwRjO99WpXP-1pRSTwYwU0eYQAQP0sMJ1.PK9T_GMWkrDLsJRi

Summary :

 * OID4VCI
   Epic issue: https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/25936
   23 out of all 25 issues were resolved. (+3 new issues, +2 resolved).
   We need to OID4VCI spec changes because it is still an implementer's draft.
   As for VC format, we now put focus on IETF SD-JWT VC because EUDI Wallet's Architecture and Reference Framework (ARF) requires it.
   The next focus might be ISO mDL.

 * Token Exchange
   Epic issue: https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/31546
   1 out of all 8 issues were resolved. (+8 new issues, +1 resolved)
   A protocol maapper of Token Exchange was proposed to modify claims of a new token.
   We continue discussing this topic in breakout sessions.

 * DPoP
   Epic issue: https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/22311
   2 of 3 issues were resolved (+2 issues resolved).
   The gap between current Keycloak's DPoP support and DPoP spec need to be analyzed. 
   We continue discussing this topic in breakout sessions.
   The OIDF's conformance suite start supporting conformance tests with DPoP.
   A new issue was created to check whether Keycloak can pass these confomance tests.
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/31970

 * Passkey
   Epic issue: https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/23656
   6 issues of 11 issues in total were resolved. No progress. Currently a preview feature.
   However, we heard that many customers were satisfied with current Keycloak Passkey support even if it is treated as preview feature.

 * OpenID Federation 1.0 (OIDFED)
   We continue keeping this topic in OAuth SIG.

 * SSF: Shared Signals Framework
   https://github.com/openid/sharedsignals
   Discussion: Support RISC and CAEP events / Shared Signals and Events
               https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/discussions/14217
   We picked up this topic in OAuth SIG.

 * Next Web Meeting
   Wed 4 September 2024 12:00 - 13:00 UTC in 1 hour


