  
Title :
 FAPI-SIG(Special Interest Group) Community 19th Meeting

Date :
 Wed 26 May 2021

Time :
 11:00 - 12:00 UTC in 1 hour
   7:00 -  8:00 EDT  (UTC-4)
  12:00 - 13:00 BST  (UTC+1)
  13:00 - 14:00 CEST (UTC+2)
  14:00 - 15:00 EEST (UTC+3)
  16:30 - 17:30 IST  (UTC+5:30)
  20:00 - 21:00 JST  (UTC+9)
  21:00 - 22:00 AEST (UTC+10)

Venue :
 Zoom (presented by Adorsys)

Host :
 Francis Pouatcha (Adorsys)

PM :
 Vinod Anandan (Independent) (absent)

Presenter :
 Takashi Norimatsu (Hitachi)

Participants :
 (I've missed)

Presentation Materials :
 [1] FAPI-SIG Community 19th Meeting Agenda
     https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-oauth-sig/blob/master/FAPI-SIG/meetings/19th/presentations/FAPI-SIG_19th_MTG_agenda.pdf

Recording :
 TBD

Summary :

 * Updates : FAPI 1.0​
   KC14 will support both FAPI 1.0 Advanced Final and FAPI-RW ID2 so that it can pass the latest version of conformance tests.

 * Updates : FAPI 2.0​
   Review of PR for PAR design document is still in progress.​
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-community/pull/255

   Review of PR for its prototype implementation is still in progress.​
   https://github.com/tnorimat/keycloak/pull/20

   Review of PR for RAR design document is still in progress.​
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-community/pull/266

   Review of PR for Grant Management API design document is still in progress.​
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-community/pull/265

 * Updates : FAPI-CIBA​  
   PR for one of the features needed to support FAPI-CIBA has been submitted, waiting for its review.
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/pull/8006

   Constructing automated test run environment for FAPI-CIBA conformance test has started.
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-oauth-sig/issues/65

 * Updates : Common Security Features​
   PR for OIDC Client’s Public Key Management 1st phase has been submitted., waiting for its review.
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/pull/7874

 * Updates : Client Policies​
   Revising client policies to KC14 is ongoing by mainly RH keycloak development team.
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/pull/7969

 * Updates : SPA/Native App​
   Review of PR for DPoP design document is still in progress.​
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-community/pull/254

 * Updates : PSD2​
   Review of PR for MTLS validation extension design document is still in progress.
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-community/pull/267

 * Other Discussion Topics
   - KC14 that RH-SSO 7.5 might be based on will be released by the end of this month. Therefore, it might be difficult to add new feature onto KC14.

 * Next Web Meeting
   Wed 9 Jun 2021 11:00 - 12:00 UTC in 1 hour

 