  
Title :
 FAPI-SIG(Special Interest Group) Community 18th Meeting

Date :
 Wed 12 May 2021

Time :
 11:00 - 12:00 UTC in 1 hour
   7:00 -  8:00 EDT  (UTC-4)
  12:00 - 13:00 BST  (UTC+1)
  13:00 - 14:00 CEST (UTC+2)
  14:00 - 15:00 EEST (UTC+3)
  16:30 - 17:30 IST  (UTC+5:30)
  20:00 - 21:00 JST  (UTC+9)
  21:00 - 22:00 AEST (UTC+10)

Venue :
 Zoom (presented by Adorsys)

Host :
 Francis Pouatcha (Adorsys)

PM :
 Vinod Anandan (Independent) (absent)

Presenter :
 Takashi Norimatsu (Hitachi)

Participants :
 (I've missed)

Presentation Materials :
 [1] FAPI-SIG Community 18th Meeting Agenda
     https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-oauth-sig/blob/master/FAPI-SIG/meetings/18th/presentations/FAPI-SIG_18th_MTG_agenda.pdf

Recording :
 https://zoom.us/rec/share/iM0Fb8wh2jsXfkRn2A5SyWNFHs7e7HFDiwLUJYleWsMYbykLMP1tcxTpjTw5Dkxm.QLDleTzMkbVA6hSS

Summary :

 * Updates : FAPI 1.0​
   KC13 has supported FAPI 1.0 Advanced Final while the latest release version of FAPI conformance test only supported FAPI-RW ID2.
   KC14 will support both FAPI 1.0 Advanced Final and FAPI-RW ID2 so that it can pass the latest version of conformance tests.

 * Updates : FAPI 2.0​
   Review of PR for PAR design document is still in progress.​
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-community/pull/255

   Review of PR for its prototype implementation has started.
   https://github.com/tnorimat/keycloak/pull/20

   Review of PR for RAR design document is still in progress.​
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-community/pull/266

   Review of PR for Grant Management API design document is still in progress.​
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-community/pull/265

 * Updates : FAPI-CIBA​
   KC13 has supported OIDC CIBA.
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/pull/7679
   
   PR for one of the features needed to support FAPI-CIBA has been submitted, waiting for its review.
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/pull/8006

 * Updates : Common Security Features​
   PR for OIDC Client’s Public Key Management 1st phase has been submitted., waiting for its review.
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/pull/7874

 * Updates : Client Policies​
   Revising client policies to KC14 is ongoing by mainly RH keycloak development team.
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/pull/7969

 * Updates : SPA/Native App​
   Review of PR for DPoP design document is still in progress.​
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-community/pull/254

 * Updates : PSD2​
   Review of PR for MTLS validation extension design document is still in progress.
   https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-community/pull/267

 * Other Discussion Topics
   - KC14 might be released soon and RH-SSO might be based on KC14.
   - Banfico can help with FAPI-CIBA support that Hitachi has been trying currently.

 * Next Web Meeting
   Wed 26 May 2021 11:00 - 12:00 UTC in 1 hour

 