  
Title :
 OAuth SIG(Special Interest Group) Community 4th Meeting
 (49th Ex FAPI-SIG)

Date :
 Wed 4 October 2023

Time (summer time) :
  12:00 - 13:00 UTC in 1 hour
   8:00 -  9:00 EDT  (UTC-4)
  12:00 - 13:00 GMT  (UTC+0)
  13:00 - 14:00 CET  (UTC+1)
  14:00 - 15:00 EET  (UTC+2)
  16:30 - 17:30 IST  (UTC+4:30)
  20:00 - 21:00 JST  (UTC+8)
  21:00 - 22:00 AEST (UTC+9)

Venue :
 Zoom (presented by Adorsys)

Host :
 Francis Pouatcha (Adorsys)

Presenter :
 Francis Pouatcha (Adorsys)
 Paul Templeman
 Takashi Norimatsu (Hitachi)

Participants :
 Adel
 Ammad Arshad
 Chris Cox (Integral)
 Costas Georgilakis (GRNET)
 Dmitry Telegin (Backbase)
 grigorii
 Pritish Joshi (Banfico)
 Marek Posolda (Red Hat)
 Sebastian Schuster (Bosch)
 Stefan Wiedemann (FIWARE)
 Tanya Vlasenko
 Thomas Darimont (codecentric AG)
 Tom Kersting

Presentation Materials :
 [1] OAuth SIG Community 4th Meeting Agenda
     https://github.com/keycloak/kc-sig-fapi/blob/master/OAuth-SIG/meetings/4th/presentations/OAuth-SIG_4th_MTG_agenda.pdf

Recording :
 https://us06web.zoom.us/rec/share/w-4IpALy0z1v6zkef4qSUlqgrLWDaRCZZ_bpAyv-EVdj_lBSl5Mli-4ncnpgYe0P.Y1uLSnS0362bAxii

Summary :

 * EdDSA
   PR: https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/15714​
   It can pass all CI tests due to completion of Keycloak's Java 17 support.
   Waiting for review.

 * Lightweight Token​
   A Draft PR was submitted: https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/pull/22148​
   A lot of discussions are welcomed.

 * OpenID connect for Identity Assurance (OIDC4IDA)
   A Draft PR was submitted: https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/pull/21309
   A lot of discussions are welcomed.

 * Presentations in KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America 2023 (6-9 November, Chicago, USA)
   https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/
   Alexander and Takashi will have a talk about keycloak in maintainer-track.

 * New topics
   - Passkeys
     Epic issue: https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/23656
     It seems that a few work might be needed for keycloak to support passkeys.

   - OpenID4VC High Assurance Interoperability Profile with SD-JWT VC (by Francis, Paul)
     Discussion: https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/discussions/17616?sort=top#discussioncomment-7188675
     Some participants are interested in supporting it onto keycloak.
     It seems that some discussion is needed to determine how to work on it.

 * Other topics
   - Move the Device Flow Support behind a dedicated feature flag
     https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/discussions/23700
   - Issues in UK OpenBanking

 * Next Web Meeting
   Wed 1 November 2023 12:00 - 13:00 UTC in 1 hour
