  
Title :
 FAPI-SIG(Special Interest Group) Community 12th Meeting

Date :
 Wed 3 Feb 2021

Time :
 09:00 - 10:00 UTC in 1 hour

Venue :
 Zoom (presented by Adorsys)

Host :
 Francis Pouatcha (Adorsys)

PM :
 Vinod Anandan (Independent)

Presenter :
 Takashi Norimatsu (Hitachi)

Participants :
 Adorsys - Kyiv
 Kannan Rasappan (Banfico)
 Marek Posolda (Red Hat)
 Pritish Joshi (Banfico)

Presentation Materials :
 [1] FAPI-SIG Community 12th Meeting Agenda
     https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-oauth-sig/blob/master/FAPI-SIG/meetings/12th/presentations/FAPI-SIG_12th_MTG_agenda.pdf

Recording :
 https://zoom.us/rec/share/ncJE21WiB4mRcmckK3uVgLoDj31vCwhfg9_a_GS_mo5LY3yNg8U5PhyGl8E_AU-G.ULKBWLER7zoqDWFe

Summary :

 * Updates : FAPI-RW project
   [Objective]
    In Q2 2021, we can use FAPI-RW security profile support by keycloak and RH-SSO 7.5
   [Milestone]
    M/S#2 All FAPI-RW Conformance Tests Passed
      by 31 March 2021, 9 weeks remaining
      20 of 21 issues resolved (95%)
   [Topics]
    Nothing

 * Updates : FAPI-CIBA(poll mode) project
   [Objective]
    In Q2 2021, we can use FAPI-CIBA(poll mode) security profile support by keycloak and RH-SSO 7.5
   [Milestone]
    M/S#1 All FAPI-CIBA(poll) Pull-Requests Merged
      by 28 Feb 2021, 5 weeks remaining
      7 of 13 issues resolved (54%).
   [Topics]
    - Pure CIBA PR review was started.
    - M/S#1 was re-scheduled.

   [Milestone]
    M/S#2 All FAPI-CIBA(poll) Conformance Tests Passed
      by 31 Mar 2021, 9 weeks remaining
      0 of 1 issues resolved (0%)
   [Topics]
    Nothing

 * Updates : Client Policy Official Support project
   [Milestone]
    M/S#1 Client Policy Available on Existing Admin Console
      by 28 Feb 2021, 5 weeks remaining
      1 of 6 issues resolved (16%)
   [Topics]
    Nothing

   [Milestone]
    - M/S#2 Client Policy Available on New Admin Console
      by 31 Mar 2021, 9 weeks remaining
      0 of 2 issues resolved (0%)
   [Topics]
    - Concept design was resumed by RH UXD team : https://marvelapp.com/prototype/6e70eh2/screen/74918976

 * Other Discussion Topics
   - Work Item Proposal : Grant/Consent Management support onto keycloak
     Standard - FAPI 2.0 Grant Management API, UMA (User Management Access)
     Location - where to manage and processing grant management data
     Objective - how to meet region specific ecosystem (UK OpenBanking, PSD2, CDR) requirements about consent/grant management
     Use case - openfinance, uk pension dashboard
     How to proceed - Writing the design document might be a good first step toward supporting consent management to keycloak.
     reference :
        https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/src/master/Financial_API_Grant_Management.md
        https://danielfett.de/download/fapi-evolution.pdf
        https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/276/consent-management-in-fapi

 * Next Web Meeting
   Wed 17 Feb 2021 9:00 - 10:00 UTC in 1 hour
 