# SIG Meeting: 2025-02-12 20th Meeting (65th from Ex FAPI-SIG)
[Meeting Slides](https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-oauth-sig/blob/main/OAuth-SIG/meetings/20th/presentations/OAuth-SIG_20th_MTG_agenda.pdf)

- Date: Wed 12 February 2025
- Time:
  12:00 - 13:00 UTC in 1 hour
   8:00 -  9:00 EDT  (UTC-4)
  12:00 - 13:00 GMT  (UTC+0)
  13:00 - 14:00 CET  (UTC+1)
  13:00 - 14:00 WAT  (UTC+1)
  14:00 - 15:00 EET  (UTC+2)
  17:30 - 18:30 IST  (UTC+5:30)
  21:00 - 22:00 JST  (UTC+9)
  22:00 - 23:00 AEST (UTC+10)

## Agenda
Agenda Items to discuss

## Attendees
- Alan Cha
- Assah Bismark
- Costas Georgilakis
- Dmitry Telegin
- Kannan Rasappan
- Maia Iyer
- Nathalia Pinesi
- Takashi Norimatsu
- Rodrick Awambeng
- Stefan Wiedemann
- Victoire Motouom
- Vinod Anandan

## Notes
Notes by Topic

### General
- Takashi presents current state of efforts
- Next OAuth SIG meeting will be held on Wednesday 5th March 2025.

### Transaction Token, SPIFEE for Workload Identity
- In the first half of the meeting, Dmitry and the IBM team (Alan, Maia) had a presentation on the progress of Transaction Token support to Keycloak, and integration of Keycloak and SPIFEE for identifying workload and its authentication.
- We continue discussing its technical aspect in the future breakout sessions. 

### KeyConf 25
- In the second half of the meeting, Nathalia presented an initial proposal for Keyconf 25.
- Natalia will prepare the survey form for Keyconf 25 to gather opinions from community widely.
  (prepared: https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=hFQsXiLlnUeRylFdbgziKBgok6UO9mxHnShifZvG4ehUMVVNS1lRQlpJNTFSM0tHRU5QS0RPSlI2Ry4u)

## Recordings
https://us06web.zoom.us/rec/share/crV1UaXPe6T0tGYqK_cTn6NlqcttnB-5nqCjWMuM5MiHkNg2RMVCCtOqrlaVdHaH.SE4N0qFrw0tv8GU_